{"en":"The expensive shops in a famous arcade near Piccadilly were just opening. ^ ","ch":"皮卡迪利大街附近的一条著名拱廊街道上， 几家高档商店刚刚开始营业。  "}
{"en":"At this time of the morning,  the arcade was almost empty. ^ ","ch":"在早晨的这个时候， 拱廊街上几乎空无一人。  "}
{"en":"Mr.  Taylor,  the owner of a jewellery shop was admiring a new window display. ^ ","ch":"珠宝店主泰勒先生正在欣赏新布置的橱窗。  "}
{"en":"Two of his assistants had been working busily since eight o'clock and had only just finished. ^ ","ch":"他手下两名店员从早上8点就开始忙碌， 这时刚刚布置完毕。  "}
{"en":"Diamond necklaces and rings had been beautifully arranged on a background of black velvet. ^ ","ch":"钻石项链、戒指漂亮地陈列在黑色丝绒上面。  "}
{"en":"After gazing at the display for several minutes,  Mr.  Taylor went back into his shop. ^ ","ch":"泰勒先生站在橱窗外凝神欣赏了几分钟就回到了店里。  "}
{"en":"The silence was suddenly broken when a large car,  with its headlights on and its horn blaring,  roared down the arcade. ^ ","ch":"宁静突然被打破， 一辆大轿车亮着前灯， 响着喇叭， 呼啸着冲进了拱廊街，  "}
{"en":"One man stayed at the wheel while two others with black stockings over their faces jumped out and smashed the window of the shop with iron bars. ^ ","ch":"一人留在驾驶座上， 另外两个用黑色长筒丝袜蒙面的人跳下车来。 他们用铁棒把商店橱窗的玻璃砸碎。  "}
{"en":"While this was going on,  Mr.  Taylor was upstairs. ^ ","ch":"这一切发生时， 泰勒先生正在楼上。  "}
{"en":"He and his staff began throwing furniture out of the window.  Chairs and tables went flying into the arcade. ^ ","ch":"他与店员动手向窗外投掷家具， 椅子， 桌子飞落到拱廊街上。  "}
{"en":"One of the thieves was struck by a heavy statue,  but he was too busy helping himself to diamonds to notice any pain. ^ ","ch":"一个窃贼被一尊很重的雕像击中， 但由于他忙着抢钻石首饰， 竟连疼痛都顾不上了。  "}
{"en":"The raid was all over in three minutes,  for the men scrambled back into the car and it moved off at a fantastic speed. ^ ","ch":"这场抢劫只持续了3分钟， 因为窃贼争先恐后地爬上轿车， 以惊人的速度开跑了。  "}
{"en":"Just as it was leaving,  Mr.  Taylor rushed out and ran after it throwing ashtrays and vases,  but it was impossible to stop the thieves. ^ ","ch":"就在轿车离开的时候， 泰勒先生从店里冲了出来， 跟在车后追赶， 一边还往车上扔烟灰缸、花瓶。 但他已无法抓住那些窃贼了。  "}
{"en":"They had got away with thousands of pounds worth of diamonds. ^ ","ch":"他们已带着价值数千镑的首饰逃之夭夭了。  "}